Michael Albright862 Whitehead RdSugar Hill, GA 30518msalbrig@gmail.com760.586.4510
November 10, 2024
[Hiring Manager’s Name][Company Name][Company Address]
Dear [Hiring Manager’s Name],
I am excited to apply for the Software Engineer position at FanDuel, as listed on your company website. With just under 4 years of hands-on, practical experience as a full stack developer I’ve cultivated a deep understanding of the full software lifecycle and a rich AWS toolkit. I am confident in my ability to collaborate, contribute, and integrate my skills seamlessly into your development environment.
In my current role at Hexaware Technologies, I manage, troubleshoot, and innovate on two highly dynamic ECS-based REST services with modular designs, serving live production workloads via an Angular UI static in S3. I engaged heavily in designing and refactoring monolithic legacy code into agile, micro-services, significantly improving system performance, deployment efficiency, and overall cost of service. By automating key processes and integrating industry standard YBYO practices we achieved a 50% reduction in deployment times. By integrating automated, event-driven batch processing of data modifications, we reduced user wait-time and interaction by 75% and consistently surpassed our SLOs raising the bar on service quality and efficiency.
Bringing experience in Java, AWS, CI/CD integrations, and complex data workflows, I strongly align with FanDuel’s commitment to robust cloud solutions and premier DevOps practices. FanDuel’s reputation for stability and forward-thinking innovation is inspiring, and I would be proud to work for a company that has earned such a dedicated user base. With many acquaintances using FanDuel and my own positive experience with the platform, I admire FanDuel's trusted and engaging user features.

While my technical skills are current, polished, and growing daily I lean on my personality traits to be the best employee I can be. With experience gained from many years in the hospitality industry, I bring a great attitude and positivity to all aspects of my life. I pride myself on my abilities to bring people together by loosening up the insecurities of those around me and forming a teamwork mentality among all walks of life.
I want to be challenged. Forced to learn. Intrigued and engaged. I want to be pushed out of my comfort zone and trusted to work my way out. I want to collaborate. Be criticized. Make mistakes and grow. I want to be a long-term asset, shaped and molded by playing for a world renowned team.
Thank you for your time and consideration for this role. I look forward to the opportunity to discuss how my skills and experience fit in with FanDuel’s current and future goals.
Warm regards,Michael Albright